Oppenheimer: 2023 | R | 3h | 8.6 rating
'Oppenheimer' is an epic biographical drama film about the story of American scientist J. Robert Oppenheimer and his role in the development of the atomic bomb. In World War II, Lt. Gen. Leslie Groves Jr. appoints physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer to lead the top-secret Manhattan Project. Oppenheimer and his team of scientists spend years into developing and designing the atomic bomb. Their efforts culminated on July 16, 1945, when they witness the first nuclear explosion ever, which forever altered the course of history. Christopher Nolan directed Oppenheimer, and stars Cillian Murphy, Emily Blunt, Robert Downey Jr. and Matt Damon.

Elemental: 2023 | PG | 1h 41m | 7.0 rating
'Elemental' is an animated adventure comedy that follows Ember and Wade in a city where fire, water, land, and air residents live together. In a city where fire, water, land, and air residents live together. Ember is a fiery young woman and Wafe is a go-with-the-flow guy; both discover something elemental: how much they actually have in common. The director of Elemental is Peter Sohn, and the film stars Leah Lewis, Mamoudou Athie and Ronnie Del Carmen.

Top Gun: Maverick: 2022 | PG-13 | 2h 10m | 8.3 rating
The action drama 'Top Gun: Maverick' is about Pete "Maverick" Mitchell, a top naval aviator who served in the Navy for over three decades and is now a test pilot. He is determined to keep pushing the limits of flying and avoid promotions that would take him away from the cockpit. Maverick is currently training a group of graduates for a unique mission but must also confront his past and fears. Ultimately, the mission will require those who choose to fly it to make the ultimate sacrifice. Joseph Kosinski directed Top Gun: Maverick, which stars Tom Cruise, Jennifer Connelly, and Miles Teller.

Barbie: 2023 | PG-13 | 1h 54m | 7.2 rating
'Barbie' is an adventure comedy about Barbie's journey into the real world to understand herself and discover her true purpose. Barbie and Ken are having the time of their lives in the colorful and seemingly perfect world of Barbie Land. However, when they get to go to the real world, they soon discover the joys and perils of living among humans. Greta Gerwig directed Barbie, starring Margot Robbie, Ryan Gosling and Issa Rae.

The Menu: 2022 | R | 1h 47m | 7.2 rating
'The Menu' is a comedy thriller about a young couple traveling to a remote island to eat at an exclusive restaurant where the chef has prepared a lavish menu with shocking surprises. They anticipate a remarkable dining experience. However, unknown to the guests, Chef Julian, known for pushing culinary boundaries, is set to reveal his most audacious creation yet. The question arises: is the sophisticated clientele prepared for Julian's radical innovation? The director of 'The Menu' is Mark Mylod, and the film stars Ralph Fiennes, Anya Taylor-Joy and Nicholas Hoult.

M3GAN: 2022 | PG-13 | 1h 42m | 6.4 rating
The horror/sci-fi movie 'M3GAN' deals with Gemma, a skilled roboticist who designs a life-like doll named M3GAN that can play, teach, and protect children. She gifts a prototype to her eight-year-old niece. The doll begins to take on a life of its own, resulting in unforeseen consequences. Gerard Johnstone directed M3GAN, which stars Allison Williams, Violet McGraw and Ronny Chieng.

Glass Onion: 2022 | PG-13 | 2h 19m | 7.1 rating
In the comedic film 'Glass Onion', five long-time friends get invited to the Greek island home of billionaire Miles Bron. All five know Bron from way back and owe him their current wealth, fame, and careers. The main event is a murder-weekend game with Bron to be the victim. In reality, they all have reasons to kill him. Also invited is Benoit Blanc, the world's greatest detective. Rian Johnson directed Glass Onion and it stars Daniel Craig, Edward Norton and Kate Hudson.

The Super Mario Bros. Movie: 2023 | PG | 1h 32m | 7.1 rating
'The Super Mario Bros. Movie': While working underground to fix a water main, Brooklyn plumbers and brothers Mario and Luigi are transported through a mysterious pipe to a magical new world. But when the siblings are separated, an epic adventure begins to save a captured princess. The Super Mario Bros. Movie is an animated adventure comedy directed by Aaron Horvath, Michael Jelenic and Pierre Leduc. It's voiced by the actors Chris Pratt, Anya Taylor-Joy and Charlie Day.

A Haunting in Venice: 2023 | PG-13 | 1h 43m | 6.8 rating
In 'A Haunting in Venice,' a post-WWII crime drama set in Venice, a retired detective attends a seance. Following a guest's murder, he's compelled to solve the mystery. The film's director is Kenneth Branagh, and stars Kenneth Branagh, Michelle Yeoh and Jamie Dornan.

Blue Beetle: 2023 | PG-13 | 2h 7m | 6.7 rating
In The action-adventure film 'Blue Beetle', Jaime Reyes suddenly finds himself possessing an ancient relic of alien biotechnology called the Scarab. When the Scarab chooses Jaime to be its symbiotic host, he's bestowed with an incredible suit of armor capable of extraordinary and unpredictable powers, forever changing his destiny as he becomes the superhero Blue Beetle. The film stars Xolo Maridueña, Bruna Marquezine and Becky G, and Angel Manuel Soto is the director.

Expend4bles: 2023 | R | 1h 43m | 5.0 rating
'Expend4bles' is an action movie featuring an elite team of mercenaries known as "The Expendables." They are the world's last resort for missions deemed too perilous for others. With a formidable arsenal and unmatched combat skills, they tackle high-stakes assignments, displaying their courage and unity. Directed by Scott Waugh, Expend4bles is a thrilling ride, starring Jason Statham, 50 Cent, and Megan Fox.

Asteroid City: 2023 | PG-13 | 1h 45m | 6.6 rating
Chronicling the journey of a writer's renowned fictional tale, 'Asteroid City' unveils the transformation of a mourning father. He takes his technology-fixated family to the quaint Asteroid City for a junior stargazing competition. But there, his perspective on life is irrevocably changed. Wes Anderson directed the comedic drama Asteroid City, starring Jason Schwartzman, Scarlett Johansson, and Tom Hanks.

The Shawshank Redemption: 1994 | R | 2h 22m | 9.3 rating
'The Shawshank Redemption' is a powerful drama about hope and friendship. Andy Dufresne, a banker wrongly convicted of murdering his wife and her lover, is sentenced to life in Shawshank State Penitentiary. Over the years, he forms a deep friendship with Red, a fellow inmate and contraband smuggler. Andy's determination and ingenuity help him maintain hope and dignity while planning his ultimate escape. Frank Darabont directed this masterpiece, starring Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman, and Bob Gunton.

The Godfather: 1972 | R | 2h 55m | 9.2 rating
'The Godfather' is an iconic crime drama that chronicles the Corleone family under patriarch Vito Corleone. When an attempt is made on Vito's life, his youngest son Michael, initially reluctant to join the family business, steps in to protect his father and take revenge on those responsible. The film explores themes of power, family loyalty, and the American Dream's dark side. Francis Ford Coppola directed this classic, starring Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, and James Caan.

Inception: 2010 | PG-13 | 2h 28m | 8.8 rating
'Inception' is a mind-bending sci-fi thriller about Dom Cobb, a skilled thief who specializes in stealing secrets from people's subconscious while they dream. Cobb is offered a chance at redemption: instead of stealing an idea, he must plant one deep in a target's subconscious, a dangerous process called inception. To succeed, he assembles a team to navigate multiple dream levels where reality becomes increasingly unstable. Christopher Nolan directed Inception, starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Ellen Page, and Tom Hardy.

Pulp Fiction: 1994 | R | 2h 34m | 8.9 rating
'Pulp Fiction' is a groundbreaking crime film that weaves together multiple storylines involving Los Angeles mobsters, fringe players, and a mysterious briefcase. The non-linear narrative follows hitmen Vincent Vega and Jules Winnfield, their boss's wife Mia Wallace, boxer Butch Coolidge, and two small-time criminals. Quentin Tarantino's masterpiece revolutionized independent cinema with its sharp dialogue, dark humor, and innovative structure. The film stars John Travolta, Uma Thurman, and Samuel L. Jackson.

The Dark Knight: 2008 | PG-13 | 2h 32m | 9.0 rating
'The Dark Knight' is a superhero thriller where Batman faces his greatest challenge yet: the Joker, a criminal mastermind who wants to plunge Gotham City into anarchy. As the Joker's chaos escalates, Batman must confront difficult moral questions about justice and sacrifice. With the help of Lieutenant Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman fights to save Gotham, but the cost may be higher than he imagined. Christopher Nolan directed this masterpiece, starring Christian Bale, Heath Ledger, and Aaron Eckhart.

Forrest Gump: 1994 | PG-13 | 2h 22m | 8.8 rating
'Forrest Gump' is a heartwarming drama that follows the extraordinary life of a simple man with a low IQ but a pure heart. From Alabama to Vietnam, from ping-pong diplomacy to the shrimp business, Forrest inadvertently influences several defining historical events while pursuing his childhood sweetheart, Jenny. His unwavering optimism and kindness inspire everyone he meets. Robert Zemeckis directed this touching film, starring Tom Hanks, Robin Wright, and Gary Sinise.

The Matrix: 1999 | R | 2h 16m | 8.7 rating
'The Matrix' is a revolutionary sci-fi action film about computer hacker Neo who discovers that reality as he knows it is actually a simulated world created by machines to pacify and subdue humans. Freed by mysterious rebels led by Morpheus, Neo learns the truth and joins the fight against the machines. The film explores themes of reality, free will, and human consciousness. The Wachowskis directed this groundbreaking film, starring Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Carrie-Anne Moss.

Interstellar: 2014 | PG-13 | 2h 49m | 8.7 rating
'Interstellar' is an epic science fiction drama set in a future where Earth is becoming uninhabitable. Former NASA pilot Cooper joins a team of astronauts who travel through a wormhole near Saturn to find a new home for humanity. As they explore distant planets where time passes differently, Cooper grapples with the possibility that he may never see his children again. Christopher Nolan directed this visually stunning film, starring Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, and Jessica Chastain.

Parasite: 2019 | R | 2h 12m | 8.5 rating
'Parasite' is a darkly comedic thriller about the Kim family, who live in poverty in South Korea. When the son gets a job tutoring a wealthy family's daughter, the Kims gradually infiltrate the wealthy Park household by posing as unrelated professionals. As the two families become increasingly entangled, a unexpected twist reveals shocking secrets with devastating consequences. Bong Joon-ho directed this Oscar-winning masterpiece, starring Song Kang-ho, Lee Sun-kyun, and Cho Yeo-jeong.

Goodfellas: 1990 | R | 2h 26m | 8.7 rating
'Goodfellas' is a crime masterpiece that chronicles the rise and fall of mob associate Henry Hill and his friends over three decades. Starting as a teenager, Henry becomes deeply involved in organized crime, enjoying the wealth and power that comes with the lifestyle. However, as paranoia and violence escalate, the glamorous life begins to crumble. Martin Scorsese directed this iconic film, starring Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, and Joe Pesci.

Spirited Away: 2001 | PG | 2h 5m | 8.6 rating
'Spirited Away' is a magical animated fantasy about 10-year-old Chihiro who enters the world of spirits when her parents are transformed into pigs after eating enchanted food. To save them, she must work at a bathhouse for spirits run by the witch Yubaba. With courage and the help of mysterious Haku, Chihiro navigates this strange new world, learning valuable lessons about identity, greed, and love. Hayao Miyazaki directed this Studio Ghibli masterpiece, featuring Rumi Hiiragi and Miyu Irino.

Everything Everywhere All at Once: 2022 | R | 2h 19m | 7.8 rating
'Everything Everywhere All at Once' is a mind-bending sci-fi comedy about Evelyn Wang, a Chinese immigrant who runs a laundromat and discovers she can access the memories and skills of her alternate selves across the multiverse. When a powerful villain threatens all realities, Evelyn must harness her newfound abilities to save the multiverse, her family, and herself. Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert directed this wildly inventive film, starring Michelle Yeoh, Stephanie Hsu, and Ke Huy Quan.

Dune: 2021 | PG-13 | 2h 35m | 8.0 rating
'Dune' is a sweeping sci-fi epic set on the desert planet Arrakis, the only source of the universe's most valuable substance. Young Paul Atreides travels to Arrakis with his family to oversee the harvesting operation, but they soon find themselves caught in a deadly political conspiracy. As Paul discovers his mysterious destiny, he must navigate treacherous alliances and embrace powers he never knew he possessed. Denis Villeneuve directed this visually stunning adaptation, starring Timothée Chalamet, Zendaya, and Oscar Isaac.

The Grand Budapest Hotel: 2014 | R | 1h 39m | 8.1 rating
'The Grand Budapest Hotel' is a whimsical comedy about the adventures of Gustave H, a legendary concierge at a famous European hotel, and Zero Moustafa, the lobby boy who becomes his trusted friend. When Gustave is framed for murder, the two embark on a wild journey involving stolen paintings, prison breaks, and a centuries-old secret society. Wes Anderson directed this visually distinctive film, starring Ralph Fiennes, Tony Revolori, and F. Murray Abraham.

Joker: 2019 | R | 2h 2m | 8.4 rating
'Joker' is a dark psychological thriller that explores the origin story of Arthur Fleck, a struggling comedian and party clown living in Gotham City. Isolated, bullied, and suffering from mental illness, Arthur's descent into madness transforms him into the iconic villain Joker. The film offers a disturbing look at a society that abandons its most vulnerable citizens. Todd Phillips directed this provocative film, starring Joaquin Phoenix, Robert De Niro, and Zazie Beetz.

Get Out: 2017 | R | 1h 44m | 7.7 rating
'Get Out' is a horror thriller about Chris, a young Black man who visits his white girlfriend Rose's family estate for a weekend. Initially dismissing the family's overly accommodating behavior as nervous attempts to deal with their daughter's interracial relationship, Chris gradually discovers something far more sinister is happening. The film brilliantly combines horror with sharp social commentary. Jordan Peele directed this groundbreaking film, starring Daniel Kaluuya, Allison Williams, and Bradley Whitford.

La La Land: 2016 | PG-13 | 2h 8m | 8.0 rating
'La La Land' is a romantic musical about Mia, an aspiring actress, and Sebastian, a dedicated jazz musician, who fall in love while pursuing their dreams in Los Angeles. As their success grows, they face the painful choice between their love for each other and their individual ambitions. The film is a vibrant homage to classic Hollywood musicals with stunning cinematography and memorable songs. Damien Chazelle directed this enchanting film, starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling.

Mad Max: Fury Road: 2015 | R | 2h | 8.1 rating
'Mad Max: Fury Road' is an adrenaline-fueled action film set in a post-apocalyptic wasteland where water and gasoline are precious commodities. Max, a lone warrior, joins forces with Imperator Furiosa as she rebels against tyrannical warlord Immortan Joe. Together they flee across the desert in an armored war rig, pursued by Joe's fanatical army in an epic chase filled with explosive action and vehicular combat. George Miller directed this visceral masterpiece, starring Tom Hardy and Charlize Theron.

The Social Network: 2010 | PG-13 | 2h | 7.8 rating
'The Social Network' chronicles the founding of Facebook and the legal battles that followed. The film depicts Mark Zuckerberg's journey from Harvard student to the youngest billionaire, exploring themes of ambition, betrayal, and innovation. Through depositions and flashbacks, it reveals the complex story of how a social networking site revolutionized communication while destroying friendships. David Fincher directed this sharp drama, starring Jesse Eisenberg, Andrew Garfield, and Justin Timberlake.

Coco: 2017 | PG | 1h 45m | 8.4 rating
'Coco' is a vibrant animated musical about Miguel, a young boy who dreams of becoming a musician despite his family's generations-old ban on music. On the Day of the Dead, Miguel accidentally enters the Land of the Dead and must seek help from his deceased musician great-great-grandfather to return to the living world before sunrise. The journey helps Miguel discover the true story behind his family's mysterious aversion to music. Lee Unkrich directed this heartwarming Pixar film, featuring Anthony Gonzalez and Gael García Bernal.